 1 - Machine learning is the science of getting computers to learn and act like humans do and improve their learning over time
     in autonomous fashion by feeding them data and information in the form of observations and real world interaction.

 2 - Machine learning system learn from historical data and builds the prediction models and whenever it receives new data predict the output for it.

                           Training
        (input past data) ----------> (machine learning algorithm) ------> (Building Logical Models) ---------> (Output)
                                                                                                      New data
 3 - How does machine learning work?
       - In a traditional programing language like c,java,python etcetera to get an output we have to give logic and some input into it.
         Based on our logic and input all languages will give you output.

         example-->
             input1       input2     output
                2            2         4
                2            3         6
       - In the case of machine learning we have to give our input & output data also then Ml will generate a program based on our input and output data.
       - When we put a new data in ML it will take the input and based on the program whatever he designed based on the program it will give us new data.
             input1        input2     output
                5             1          5
                5             2          10
                6             3          ? (Based on the program it will give us new data)

                                                  -- ML WORK --
                (Data(Input) and program)  -----> (Traditional programing) ------> (Output)
                (Data(Input) and Output)  -----> (Machine Learning) ------> (Program)


 4 -                                          --- Classification of ML ---

        Supervised Learning, Unsupervised learning, Reinforcement learning
        Supervised Learning ---> - It is used for future predictions.
                                 - If we are trying to buy a house you have to ask a broker for the price. That case
                                   supervised learning will check all the house price and infrastructure near to that house based on them, It will check that new
                                   house structures and based on past data it will tell you that new house price.

        Unsupervised Learning ---> - It is used for grouping
                                   - Based on the data pattern or nature it will create group for separate data.
                                   - If you have mixed fruits like mango,banana,apple it will separate them like one group
                                     for all the mangoes and one group for banana and one group for apple.

        Reinforcement Learning ---> - It will act based on your actions.
                                    - When you play ludo with computers, In the backend you are interacting with reinforcement learning.


                                          --- Advantages & Disadvantages of ML ---

 5 - Advantages of ML ---> 1. Easily identifies trends and patterns
                           2. No human intervention needed
                           3. Continuous improvement.
                           4. Handling multy-dimensional and multi-variety data.
                           5. Wide application

 6 - Disadvantage of ML ---> 1. Data acquisition
                             2. Time and resources
                             3. Interpretation of result
                             4. High error susceptibility


                                                   --- Use of ML ---

 7 - Use of ML- 1. Automatic language translation
                2. Medical diagnosis
                3. Stock market trading
                4. Online fraud detection
                5. Virtual personal assistant
                6. Email span & Malware filtering
                7. Self driving car
                8. Product recommendations
                9. Traffic prediction
                10. Speech recognition
                11. Image recognition


                                                --- Variables in ML ---

 8 - Types of variables in ML --->
    -> Variables - In a tabular format data all the columns are called variable.
                 - Variables are of 4types, Numerical data, Categorical data, Dates & Times data, Mixed data.

        Numerical Data - In these data we have numbers/digits either positive or negative.
                       - Numerical data are two types int and float.

                         IMP--> Numeric data has two types Discrete and Continuous

                        Discrete -->     - Discrete data is called as repeated data, Which called repeatedly.
                                         - In a table we have a column data of digits like 1 2 3 4 5 then again 1 1 1 2 3 4 4 3 3
                                           repeating same numbers is called discrete data.

                        Continuous -->   - Continuous data is creating numbers between a certain range.
                                         - Creating numbers between, 1 to 5, (1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.43 1.57) these are called continuous data.

        Categorical Data - Categorical data is called string data type, It is also called object data.
                         - We have two types of Categorical data, Ordinal and Nominal.

                         Nominal Data - Nominal data are not connected with each other either internally or outer.
                                      - Let's take a column of programming language's like Java, python, c, c++, Ruby, JavaScript etc.
                                        these are not similar to each other only random values to a column it is called nominal data.

                         Ordinal Data - It is an order type data, Values are stored in proper order.
                                      - If we take a tshirt it has a proper size order small, medium, large, extra large Those type of
                                        data is called ordinal data.

        Date & Time data - Date time can contain date only, time only or date time both.
        Mixed Variables - Variables which contain numbers and categories data both.
                        - In short form data which contain number and string both
                        - It is also called object data type.


 9 - Data Cleaning
            - It is the process of preparing data for analysis, Ml or DL by removing or
              modifying data that is incorrect, incomplete, irrelevant duplicated, or improperly formatted.

     Missing Value - 






